allow overriding default allowedRoles (#60)
geoffrich/svelte-adapter-azure-swa: README.md

		})
	}
};
```

### allowedRoles

> An array of strings containing the roles allowed to access the app. For e.g. if the app needs to be restrictied it's possible to use a [custom role](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/static-web-apps/authentication-authorization). *Notice* this only supports securing the complete app. If specific routes should be secured it's best to implement custom authentication within the app itself.

Reviewer: I wonder if it would be better to link docs on role configuration instead of the general auth docs:

```suggestion
An array of strings containing the roles allowed to access the app. For example, if the app needs to be restricted, it's possible to use a [custom role](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/static-web-apps/configuration#securing-routes-with-roles). **Note:** this only supports securing the complete app. If specific routes should be secured, you should implement custom authentication within the app itself.
```

```js
export default {
	kit: {
		...
		adapter: azure({
			allowedRoles: ['authenticated'],
			customStaticWebAppConfig: {
				routes: [
					{
						route: "/.auth/login/facebook",
						statusCode: 404
					},
					{
						route: "/.auth/login/github",
						statusCode: 404
					},
					{
						route: "/.auth/login/google",
						statusCode: 404
					},
					{
						route: "/.auth/login/twitter",
						statusCode: 404
					},
					{
						route: "/.auth/*",
						allowedRoles: [
							"anonymous"
						]
					},
					{
						route: '/login',
						allowedRoles: [
							"anonymous"
						],
						rewrite: "/.auth/login/aad",
					}
				],
				responseOverrides: {
					'401': {
						'redirect': '/login',
						'statusCode': 302
					}
				},
				auth: {
					identityProviders: {
						azureActiveDirectory: {
							registration: {
								openIdIssuer: "AAD_ISSUER",
								clientIdSettingName: "AAD_CLIENT_ID",
								clientSecretSettingName: "AAD_CLIENT_SECRET"
							}
						}
					}
				}

> 			}

Reviewer: Do we need this entire config in the docs? Can we just show setting `allowedRoles`?
